README.md, before:

# ISA-616
 Analytics Workflow
 
 In order to run the RMD file you should store the data in the same file as the RMD on your local computer and save it. Then, the code should run smoothly in order for you to knit.
 
 Additionally, the numbers are hard coded into the data frame, as well as the data labels are from the output of the previous code(varImp).  If the model were to be adjusted or changed, you would need to re-code those numbers and labels (based on the varImp output) in order to get a different graph.
 
 Note: My desktop R stopped cooperating with me (version compalation with package versions... see GitHub Explanation), so the knitted HTML file is not committed to my GitHub, as I finished my project on the remote desktop (R was working with the files from there), then copied and pasted the final code under "new document" on my personal computer's R/Rmarkdown file. The file successfully knitted from the remote desktop, so I am assuming that it will run smoothly for any version of R on the FSB server with that same version of R.

Commit message:

Peer review edits
Fixed a few minor changes after peer review

README.md, after:

# ISA-616
 Analytics Workflow
 
 In order to run the RMD file you should store the data in the same file as the RMD on your local computer and save it. You may also have to manually install some packages if the pacman statement gives you an error (depends on what version of R you are using). If you are on a FSB desktop, it should ask you when you open the file if you would like to "load/install all dependancies", you should do so. After you have the packages installed, the code should run smoothly in order for you to knit.
 
 Additionally, the numbers are hard coded into the data frame, as well as the data labels are from the output of the previous code(varImp).  If the model were to be adjusted or changed, you would need to re-code those numbers and labels (based on the varImp output) in order to get a different graph.
 
 Note: My desktop R stopped cooperating with me (version compalation with package versions... see GitHub Explanation), so the knitted HTML file is not committed to my GitHub, as I finished my project on the remote desktop (R was working with the files from there), then copied and pasted the final code under "new document" on my personal computer's R/Rmarkdown file. The file successfully knitted from the remote desktop, so I am assuming that it will run smoothly for any version of R on the FSB server with that same version of R.
